bloodshot is an american superhero movie
in the first scene a soldier named
marine ray comes on the scene
he is represented fighting and holding a
gun and he shoots on everyone
placing them to death as he reaches he
recognizes a terrorist pointing a gun at
a man
he informs rey to put down his gun rey
after this asks
what do you want then he starts asking
for a helicopter
ray says on it if you'd like a
helicopter give me a call
as the terrorist gesticulates the phone
ray kills him getting a chance while
firing
and the man under the gun threat is
survived the next scene starts at aviano
air base
many soldiers are getting off from
aircraft and helicopters
where marin ray slogans neither any
mission is much difficult nor
any sacrifice is too great and all raise
their voices
duty first in this way ray moves to his
wife who is standing beside him
it is a successful rescue operation and
he departs to mombasa in italy with his
wife for spending the holidays
but they are unluckily kidnapped there
by martin axe
actually martin is eager to collect
information
about the hostage operation of mombasa
he asks many things from him
ray responds you can ask me anything
except it i know nothing about it
after that rey consoles his wife saying
everything will be all right
but the kidnapper says nothing will be
all right and he ends his wife
rey says in depression i swear i will
fight and end you
as a result the kidnapper also kills rey
in the next scene rey is present at that
place where he is properly attached with
cables
coming into his senses he falls down
removing the cables from him
meanwhile a girl kt arrives saying
everything is going to be okay
then a new character dr harding appears
and says to rey
welcome to the rising spirit technology
he tells i am dr harding and says that
your awakening is a big phenomenon
then he informs rey us military has
donated your body to us and you were
dead
actually dr harding brings him for the
purpose of superpower
making him his weapon for his
organization dr harding tells you are
the first one who has been enlivening
successfully by us
and it has done beautifully you are also
the first one who availed the second
chance
dr harding also tells him that we are
building a rare asset for the us
military we have experts for making more
strengthful soldiers
experimenting on rey dr harding injures
the hand ray which is healed in no time
actually it is a biomechanical construct
that is reacted soon
dr harding further informs that many
damaged tissues are immediately
recovered using this technology
then kt says you will never know who are
you
because you have been classified dr
harding says that was your past while it
is the future
then dr harding tells about himself that
i was a tennis player
and also a champion i suffered the
disease of cancer at the age of 15 years
old
and my arm was detached from my body
then he shows his strengthful
arm to rey which is fixed mechanically
with his body then he also tells rey
if soldiers are deprived of their arms
we will fix stronger arms with them
then he takes him to his other patients
including jimmy telling them they are
stronger than past
jimmy had lost his legs and artificial
legs have been fixed with him
while his other partner loses his eyes
and cameras are adjusted on him
which are directly affiliated with the
optic nerve so he can have a side of
things
after awakening in the next scene he
finds himself more strengthful
punching the pillar forcefully he does
not get any harm
the pillar is cracked and he is also
able to lift the heaviest dumbbell
then meeting with katie who is swimming
he says that it is a nightmare
having the loss of my memories kt offers
him a drink after drinking
his mind has flashbacks and all memories
of his wife's murder come into his mind
he hits his hand furiously on the table
and taking his bag
he leaves outside dr harding is
observing everything through the camera
and he says where is he going he asks
his assistant to open the channel
then he asks ray where are you going ray
asks how are you talking with me
dr harding says that there are a billion
wireless processes
in you that are connected with your
brain you will have to return back
we are your familiars ray says i had a
wife who had been murdered so i just
want to confirm it
afterward dr harding asks who has
murdered
then martin axe's name is revealed dr
harding asks him to come back and says
you are a multi-million dollar product
but rey does not care and departs while
sitting in the cockpit of an aeroplane
now the identified location is kuala
lumpur which is budapest
now a place is shown where martin axe is
being taken in the car
while passing through the tunnel the
lights of that place are switched off
and suddenly a truck crashes into
another vehicle
martin axe sitting in the car says to
the men in the car
let me go outside in this way ray
reaches there and starts firing
martin shouts to take me out from this
car ray is shot but nothing harms him
because he has been converted into
superhuman power his body absorbs all
his flowed blood on the ground healing
him
on the other side he is attacked with
the bombs and gunfire by the security
guards and others but he remains in a
safe zone
reaching towards martin axe's car he
kills him
in the next scene the airfield is shown
where ray reaches there by his jeep
where scientists patience kt
jimmy and marcus are waiting for him and
he is brought back to the lab again
he tells kt i have killed my wife's
murderer
i have accomplished my task and i'll
bring ray back in rising spirit for
reprogramming
rey is again under experimentation in
the lab wiping out his memory
actually dr harding is programming his
mind to create false memories
about his wife's death these are false
and make part of his programming
it is done for the elimination of rivals
in the rising spirit
removing his present memories rey is
reprogrammed
now dr harding talks to kt she says we
are going to wipe out his memory dr
harding says
what we did was for a cause it declares
that dr harding was using rey
independently as a weapon
now the next target of harding is nick
barry's who will be killed by rey
according to the plan
kt says rey is a soldier but harding
takes him as a dead soldier
and he deserves it now rey's wife gina's
killer name nick barry's is set in the
mental program of rey
so baris becomes his next target now ray
again goes taking a car
dr harding repeats his pre-planned
sentences as where are you going
we are your familiars then it is asked
for whom you are going after
but now it's been revealed that i'm
going after nick barry's
now rey reaches east sussex of england
by aircraft where barris resides
while working in his office barrie
receives a briefcase
having an emp bomb by his programmer
named wiggins
dr harding is observing all of it with
his camera
ray introduces the all abuse to everyone
when he approaches out barries he blames
him for killing his wife
barry says it's a lie that you don't
understand
rey distributes him then passes outside
he starts to lose his sensations
when rey is unaware wiggins barry's
programmer takes him in there
dr harding's lab displays the signal
lost message
coming into consciousness rey is nearly
to attack wiggins
then wiggins says i am your well-wisher
thinking about it
why is his wife's murderer is different
every time
wiggins is also surprised about it rey
tells him the name of his wife gina
wiggins says amazing he injures his own
hand and squeezing blood from his hand
he hands it over to wiggins running
through an entire programmable system
he also tells that rising spirit has
programmed
the false memories in you making you a
killing machine
ray says on it this program is temporary
he also discovers his alive wife
the next scene takes place in london
city of england
where ray reaches the house of his wife
after searching her
he requests her to return back gina says
what happened to you everything was
settled
now i have my family ray asks
when had we met last time his wife
replies
five years ago hearing it rey is
astonished
then rey weeps a lot leaving that place
he is driving a car
then immediately jimmy and his partner
crash badly his car with their vehicle
they also start firing on him receiving
a gunshot
rey's body part is turned into blue
color and ray gets a chip from there and
flees
jimmy with his partner tries to track
him as they fire their gun in the air
the bullets turn into the cameras to
identify ray's location
guns are fired on rey in return rey also
starts firing snatching a gun from a
police car
his fight is going on with jimmy both
are toppled down on the public road
meanwhile a coming truck passes over
them rey does not get any harm and
recovers
while jimmy's artificial legs are
detached after a while
jimmy stabs a device at rey's back
putting him into unconsciousness
now kt becomes well wisher of rey and
forbids to obey the command for wiggins
given by harding
harding makes a disorder in katie's
breathing system
consequently her condition is worsened
and later she obeys
she leaves for wigan's search in the
next scene
kt is in london and reaches the place
where wiggins is present
she asks lighter from wigan for smoking
as she smokes that smoke makes wiggins
fainted
while fighting with his security guards
she puts them to death
coming into senses raise with dr harding
rey says you made me a killer using me
as a weapon you also tried to show the
fake murder of my wife
dr harding says revenge is such a tool
that makes a man exceptional like you
rey says people like you only work to
break the people
like me but you cannot put a harness on
us and it will never happen
suddenly dr harding makes him senseless
bringing him into his previous condition
at one side
dr harding is programming on rey wall on
the other side
wigan starts his programming katie tries
to help rey so that she may rescue him
bringing him to the right place dr
harding again tries to create a block in
her respiratory system
after knowing her planning but access is
denied on the other side
fully armed jimmy also comes to fight
with rey now wiggins controls the
programming of rey
ray says i am going for my task
completion he reaches a place where
jimmy is with his partner marcus
jimmy's other partner also comes to help
him now jimmy and marcus together fight
with ray
but ray is being a superhuman power
hurts jimmy
violently detaching his powerful hand
from his body
that hand hits the car of dr harding
which is being used for escaping
as a result his car is stopped now rey
moves towards dr harding
dr harding shouts that i was alone who
rebuilt you if i will be no more
your survival will be difficult but rey
continues to move towards dr harding
angrily
dr harding attacks ray with his weapons
in hand
rey on the other hand tries to deflect
the bullet
on the other hand katie with wiggins
retains rey's programming
which is under one's control ray's body
has undergone various transitions
ray now tosses the seized bomb on the
ground creating a significant burst that
ends up killing dr harding
awakening in the next scene rey asks
where am i
then wiggins says to him relax he asks
how are you feeling now
katie is seated outside while rey goes
outside saying thanks to wiggins